Documentation: add a README.rst to the tools/ folder (#1897)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: tools/README.rst

ACRN tools
##########

The open source `Project ACRN`_ defines a device hypervisor reference stack and
an architecture for running multiple software subsystems, managed securely, on
a consolidated system by means of a virtual machine manager. It also defines a
reference framework implementation for virtual device emulation, called the
“ACRN Device Model”.

This folder holds the source to a number of tools that facilitate the

> management, debugging, profiling, and logging of a mutli-OS systems based on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
management, debugging, profiling, and logging of multi-OS systems based on
```

Author: I have included your suggestion.
